And that's it.
So there are some more pages to this app
that we have not built in this workshop.
I encourage you to look on GitHub to
see how we've implemented the auth and
the database calls, which, on the already
deployed version, allows us to log in,
And see a personalized watch list
of movies that we wanna watch.
It uses Supabase under the hood, so
you'll need to create an account
with them if you want to copy that code
and apply it to your local version.
But other than that,
we now have a fairly nice and
usable full stack movies application, and
that uses a whole bunch of features
that we learned about SvelteKit.
So I hope this has been useful, I hope
that demonstration gave you some insight
into what kind of problems SvelteKit
is able to help you solve.
If you wanna carry on
learning about SveltKit,
then come to the Svelt discord,
come and talk to us on Twitter,
and we hope to see you at
a future Svelt community event.
Thank you for watching.
>> [APPLAUSE]